Using Azure Machine Learning
Ensure that you completed the lab by using the dataset, modules, and configuration settings specified in the lab document. 
If you did not use the values prescribed in the lab document, you may obtain different model evaluation results from those expected below.

Enter the number of True Positives predicted by the model:
Answer : 127
Enter the number of True Negatives predicted by the model:
Answer : 94

Module 2 Lab
Computing Statistics
Ensure that you completed the lab by using the dataset and code specified in the lab document. 
If you did not use the steps prescribed in the lab document, you may obtain different results from those expected below.
What is the median of the horsepower column?
Answer : 95

Module 3 Lab
Running a Simulation
In the lab, you ran a simulation for the lemonade stand with the expected number of customer arrivals per day 
increased to 1200 and a standard deviation of 40.
How many distinct peaks are visible in the histogram showing frequency distribution for total net per day?
Answer : 5

Hypothesis Testing
You have found that you could not reject the null hypothesis 
that there was no significant difference between the heights of mothers and their adult daughters. 
But what about the difference in height between fathers and their adult daughters?
Can you reject the null hypothesis that there is no significant difference in the heights of fathers and their adult daughters?
Answer : Yes

Module 4 Lab
Plotting Adult Income
Based on the conditioned box plots you created for the adult income classification dataset, 
the median age of adults who earn $50K or less is...
Answer : Lower than the median age of adults who earn more than $50K

Module 5 Lab
Cleaning Data
How many rows were removed from the automobile data as a result of treating missing values and duplicate rows?
Answer : 23

Handling Outliers
How many rows were removed as a result of removing outliers?
Answer : 19

Module 6 Lab
Creating a Classification Model
After completing the classification model and publishing it as a web service, 
you tested the web service from Excel Online by predicting the income classification for a 39 year old never-married white male. 
You then predicted an income classification for a married 39 year old white male with the same characteristics.
Which of the following predictions were made by your model?
Answer : The never-married subject earns $50K or less.
         The subject would earn more if he were married.

Creating a Regression Model
In the lab, you created a regression model for automobile price predictions and tested it from Excel Online.
Based on your model, a gas-fueled front-engined, front-wheel drive, 
sedan with the specifications described in the lab is likely to...
Answer : Cost more than the equivalent diesel model
